Fix store api documentation for min_price and max_price (#9258)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: src/StoreApi/docs/products.md

| `tag`                                       | string  |    no    | Limit result set to products assigned a specific tag ID.                                                                                                                   |
| `tag_operator`                              | string  |    no    | Operator to compare product tags. Allowed values: `in`, `not_in`, `and`                                                                                                    |
| `on_sale`                                   | boolean |    no    | Limit result set to products on sale.                                                                                                                                      |
| `min_price`                                 | string  |    no    | Limit result set to products based on a minimum price, provided using the smallest unit of the currency. The price needs to include 2 decimals (e.g. 100 will be 10000).   |

> | `max_price`                                 | string  |    no    | Limit result set to products based on a maximum price, provided using the smallest unit of the currency. The price needs to include 2 decimals (e.g. 100 will be 10000).   |

Reviewer: I see your point in the improvement of docs, but we need to keep in mind, not every currency has two decimals, hence this text:

> "...provided using the smallest unit of the currency."

I understand it may be confusing, but given the above, the example should be more generic as well or I'd suggest showing the example of specific currencies, e.g:
- two-decimals currency like USD
- zero-decimal currency like JPY.

What do you think?

Author: I agree with you 100%. I have made the doc more generic. Tell me what you think

> | `min_price`                                 | string  |    no    | Limit result set to products based on a minimum price, provided using the smallest unit of the currency. The price might need decimals depending on the currency (e.g. 10000 for 100 in USD). |
> | `max_price`                                 | string  |    no    | Limit result set to products based on a maximum price, provided using the smallest unit of the currency. The price might need decimals depending on the currency (e.g. 10000 for 100 in USD). |

Reviewer: What about something among those lines:

```suggestion
| `min_price`                                 | string  |    no    | Limit result set to products based on a minimum price, provided using the smallest unit of the currency. E.g. provide 10025 for 100.25 USD, which is a two-decimal currency, and 1025 for 1025 JPY, which is a zero-decimal currency. |
| `max_price`                                 | string  |    no    | Limit result set to products based on a maximum price, provided using the smallest unit of the currency. E.g. provide 10025 for 100.25 USD, which is a two-decimal currency, and 1025 for 1025 JPY, which is a zero-decimal currency. |
```

Author: Amazing. I committed your changes.
